ah!
*sigh in relief*
ah good day everyone! and welcome to todays video
where i'm wearing yellow!
um, i don't think iv'e ever really worn
a yellow shirt..in a video..or in real life
but, i found this in my closet
it's Daniel's, and it's a smiley face!
it reminds me of like Walmart. like a Walmart sticker
Um so I'm giving you walmart realness today
Uh so today I'm... not actually giving you walmart realness  today
I'm actually giving you 99 cent store realness
So I had my boyfriend Daniel go and pick out a bunch of random stuff at the 99 cent store
And I'm going to try out these products that he found
And we're gonna see what they're all about
So with our further damn-a-do, let's dig in
and find out what's in this mysterious bag
Ha ha, okay
Oh my god theres a lot in here
SO the first thing is the heck amazing play noodles
What the heck are these
join together with no water, no glue
ooh this is kinda cool you can like build a house out of it and stuff
and like little butterflies
I've never seen these before
Are these just like a knock-off of something?
Ohhh there pretty. I kinda wanna eat them. Can I?
Wait they actualy kind taste good
Oh there made of corn-starch and wheat flour and are harmless to the human body
Oh my gosh
There like starting to decompose
it kinda reminds me of a cheese puff ok get off my finger
uhhh ok let's just try this let's just grab a whole bunch of them and just clump them up together
there're not sticking together. Look, they're literally not.
okay so it says, amazing noodle damp the sponge, wait you are supposed to damp it? I thought it says water is not included
join together.. oh WITH water
not without
okay
so that's why they're not sticking together
uhm, okay
well, lets try it, let's just use our tongue
let's make a rainbow real quick
red, orange, yellow, green, blue and purple
I don't know, the rainbow honestly such satisfying
such satisfying? That's not a right way
okay, so let's lick the red
it's starting to decompose
it's so weird
okay, these are just flying everywhere
I'm falling, help
okay, we'll lick the orange
stick together you are now one
this is crazy, I'm actually kinda obsessed with these
I feel like I can make a whole video just on these
this is so crazy
and they kinda taste good too
I'm obsessed with these, GO 99 cents store
This could honestly be a YouTube video
Give this video a thumbs up with you want me to make this into a challenge
and me and Daniel had to like make all these crazy things out of these
This is so cool,
LIVE! Oh my god! Living my rainbow life
okay, obsessed with these, great purchase 99 cents store
BATH FULL OF THOSE! Oh my gosh YES!!
No? YES! YES! YES, kinda yes. Yes?
Uhh? What do I even call?
Amazing play noodles
Oh my gosh! Okay, what is this?
I see Blow Pops, four scented nail polish???
Scented nail polish? I didn't even think that was even a thing
Oh my god-stoppers! ..or Oh my blow pop!
Oh wow!
Okay, this is exciting
I'm obviously going for the green one
..and it's sour apple scented? Holy Crap!
Okay, let's give it a good old sniff
this is..
This smells just like paint
Doesn't it just smell like paint?
I know, you're welcome.
Okay, hold up
So maybe that's just the green one
I'm gonna give 99 cents store the benefit of doubt
and we're gonna try the red one
it's supposed to be cherry
i mean, i don't think it's supposed to smell
no
it's the exact same as the green
uhh, okay
but if you think about it
alot of these kids' toys are not supposed to smell good
because it would make kids want to eat it
so let's try the purple
they literally all smell the same
actually this one kinda smells, oh my gosh that one does have a grape smell
okay, alright
cool
I'm not gonna try putting these on my nails
because I can already tell it's gonna be a disaster
alright, let's try the pink one
okay, this one actually just start to make my mouth water
I want to lick it but its definitely toxic
Let's see what else is in this great old bag of goodies
this is exciting
honestly, this is the best day of my life
they have a Nerds flavor too??
Oh my gosh
okay, we can't get into this, they're probably the same exact thing, so,
what the heck? scented nail polish?
that's not actually scented
candy powder filled plastic carrots
What kinda powder is this?
we're gonna try it
Let's see
Alright, is it literally just a carrot filled with sugar?
I'm pretty sure that's what it is
okay, we're just gonna unscrew this carrot
What the heck is in here...
I don't know if I trust this
is this like poison powder?
just gonna give it a little lick
oh my god.....!
That is actually really freaking sour
What the heck is this carrot thing???
I... alright, you know what, I'm just gonna go for it
yup, ooooh
Damm, that's a sour carrot
Alright, carrot from the dollar store
That's taking something healthy and turning it very unhealthy
hmm, wouldn't have expected that from the dollar store
What the heck? OKE Aloe?
Artificially peach flavored drink
Artificially flavored?
That's their promo
Artificially flavored, that's really good for you
Oh my.. eww, there's chunks of something in here
uhh, when does this expires?
Let's first look at that
because that concerns me that there's chunks
hello? where's your expiration date?
Oh, it's right here
Wait, I'm really confused
It says 'expires 25th of Nov 2001 BC'
2001 before Christ?
WHAT!?
That's really confusing
oh made 2016 Nov 03
I don't know what this means
expiration 25 Nov 2018
What the heck? okay
I'm just gonna go for it
Oh, you know what?
It just taste like a peach ring
like a candy peach ring
It's actually kinda good but it taste just like candy
it taste like a candy drink
This is not healthy
definitely not healthy
okay, honestly,
theres alot more stuff in here that I definitely want to show
but its all a bunch of girl products
so if you guys wanna see another video of this
of just like 99 cents store girl products
give this video a thumbs up right now
stop, pause, hit that thumbs up
and if gets 30,000 likes I will do another one of these
where I try these crazy freakin girl products
because I need to try these!
But I feel like theres not enough time
because there's still...
*gasps* theres still this I wanna show you
okay, it is a party popper
we're getting like
POPPIN' in here!
Uhh, I'm actually super excited about this
but it kinda scares me it's only a dollar
is my hand gonna fall off and explode?
uhm, it could
so let's me careful
okay, instructions..  remove and discard shrink wrap
okay, uhm, point away from yourself
which side is the right way?
oh my gosh, okay
uhm, twist bottom plastic piece
then indicate direction until popper injects confetti
oh my gosh, this is actually really scary
oh my god! It's a warning
This is not a toy!
Keep out of reach of children
Always direct away from persons, animals, and objects
never point towards your face and eyes
okay, oh my gosh
this is terrifying
okay
ah!
owh..
cool
okay, you know what
we're gonna point this at the camera this time
I'm gonna stand back
we're gonna try it with the second one
I don't even know if you guys could see that
because it literally went all with it that way
so here, I'm gonna point it at you guys
so ready
one, two three!
come on
*gasps*
oh that one was pretty!
Wow!
okay
well, literally my floor is a complete mess right now
so, I hope you guys enjoy today's video
If you did, please give it a big ol'thumbs up
and yeah
I'll see you guys tomorrow
good damn BYE!